(It's a hallway camera beside a waiting room!)
Yves & Kim Lip: Hello!
Kim Lip: We are Lip!
Yves: Ves!
Kim Lip: We came running here first after hearing the news that this camera was installed!
Yves: I saw ODD EYE CIRCLE's rehearsal and~
Yves: You know, they really looked like professionals~
Kim Lip: Really?
Kim Lip: Thank you~
Yves: And I felt like I was getting smaller while watching the performance.
Kim Lip: No!
Yves: Because I've never done any promotion yet!
Kim Lip: Don't worry~ I got your back!
Kim Lip: I trust that you can do it well!
Yves: Normally, Kim Lip is so scary person~
Yves: I made a few mistakes while dancing yesterday
Yves: Then she took me and scolded and beat me like this!
Kim Lip: What? When did I do that?
Yves: So I got a bruise here~
Kim Lip: I didn't do that!
KIm Lip! Cut! Edit it out!
YeoJin: Hello~
YeoJin: Wow! This is cool!
YeoJin: Am I the first one who comes here?
(Nope...)
YeoJin: No...
YeoJin: I'm feeling a little pressure, however I will try my best!
YeoJin: So don't worry~
YeoJin: I will work hard!
YeoJin: See you!
(The hallway camera beside a waiting room will be back!)